Add blog post on harness-first agentic SDLC (#4142)
opensearch-project/project-website: _community_members/fddattal.md

---
short_name: 'fddattal'
name: 'Frank Dattalo'
photo: '/assets/media/community/members/fddattal.jpeg'
job_title_and_company: 'Senior Software Engineer at AWS'
primary_title: 'Frank Dattalo'
title: 'OpenSearch Community Member: Frank Dattalo'
breadcrumbs:
  icon: community
  items:
    - title: Community
      url: /community/index.html
    - title: Members
      url: /community/members/index.html
    - title: "Frank Dattalo&apos;s Profile"
      url: '/community/members/frank-dattalo.html'
permalink: '/community/members/frank-dattalo.html'
personas:
  - author
redirect_from: '/authors/fddattal/'
---

> Frank Dattalo is a Senior SDE at AWS on the OpenSearch Serverless Search team, focused on high-performance auto scaling. Outside work, he explores Seattle's coffee shops and hiking trails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Frank Dattalo is a Senior SDE at AWS on the OpenSearch Serverless Search team, focusing on high-performance autoscaling. Outside of work, he explores Seattle's coffee shops and hiking trails.
```
